---
layout: single
title:  "iunno man"
date:   2022-03-03 13:48:00 +0800
categories: blog sad
---
so i've been doing a lot of thinking recently and i've realised that i've come to lose my sense of self. like, i don't think i know who i am anymore or what i like, my hobbies or interests, i don't even know what media i like to consume anymore. i don't know when this started happening but i think maybe for the last year or so.

receiving a bpd diagnosis kinda explained a lot, but i feel like i've been leaning on that as an excuse for why i've been feeling shitty, the same with all the other shit going on in that cesspool of mine that we call the human brain. i could be doing therapy or any group sessions etc but man, it's expensive and nothing helps. i should have gone to hospital when i planned to, but that shit is expensive too. i think i'm just destined to keep existing like this until one day i just kick the bucket. forcing Death's hand has never worked, and at this point i'm just too fucking exhausted to try again.

hey, that would be a good song lyric, something like:

```🎵 always caught forcing death's hand
at this point im too exhausted to try again🎵```

anyway, who knows.

i've been struggling a lot with the concept of friends recently again too, it just seems that i care or check in with everyone far more than they i. and it's just been really shitty because i've been having a really bad time recently (like almost one of the worst in a very, very long time), and nobody gives a fuck, like literally nobody messages me saying **"hey, i can see you've been feeling shitty, do you want to talk about it?"**, and that's all that i think i fucking need at this point, i just need to know someone out there cares about me because it really fucking feels like i'm all alone with my thoughts. like why am i crying now thinking about how many times i do that for people that i barely even know, but people i've known for upwards of 5 years haven't bothered to reply to stories i post where i'm clearly sad-posting because i feel like a burden.

should i be reaching out directly, saying i've been having a bad time? why would i want to do that to people that have never asked directly what's going on? **how** could i do that to people that i'm unsure care about me.

and see though, here's the fucking best part, is that this right here is linked in my instagram bio. it's been there for a little while, pretty sure i made a post about it on my story, but i almost guaren-fucking-tee that not a single person is going to read this. which isn't bad, i won't actually even *know* if anyone reads it because i want this place to be where i can shout into the void without any interaction or even analytics about viewership or anything, you can't even subscribe to new posts (unless you know how to RSS).

however therein lies the best part, dear reader, because i guess i can just shout my thoughts out here because nobody is going to care anyway. nobody ever cares. i could die today and sure, people would care, but everyone would get over it. and if you're reading this and hurt to hear me say that, well you're honestly part of the problem then, i'm sorry. because you're in my life and you're reading this, but you aren't reaching out, or you ask very top-level questions instead of pushing a little more like i do for everyone i see having a hard time.

but ya know what, now i'm done with that. i realise that i put more effort into friendships than literally every other fucking human on this planet it seems, and i'm over-exerted. i've reached my maximum and now i need to reel back and focus on myself for a little bit i think. i just wish i could be someone else for a bit because this mind is too tainted to receive any semblance of enjoyment, i over-think and put too much meaning on everything. like what the fuck even was this blog post. nobody fucking cares anyway.

everyone has someone else, and that's okay.
